6.  Think about an academic subject that inspires you. Describe how you have furthered this interest inside and/or outside of the classroom.

-24w

Sometime during Covid, I got pretty bored, so I though to myself that I need to challenge myself. At the time, I was pretty much into drawing in all of my free time and most of the art tutorials I found were in Japanese. At the same time, somewhere in the depths of the internet, I found that Japanese is among the hardest languages for an English speaker to learn, so I decided I'll give it a try. At the beginning when I started, I powered through kana, but after that, when I started learning vocab and grammar, I really fell in love with the language. Since that, I've spent a lot of my time studying and immersing in the language, now to the point that I'm able to hold a conversation about most intermediate topics, especially those in which I'm personally interested. I've been studying Japanese solely autodidactically using the internet as my primary source of information. Now I'm looking towards doing the JLPT N3 exam in Summer, which I believe I'm well prepared for. I am well profficient in learning languages and I am really motivated in studying Japanese, amplified by the fact it also ties well with my other hobbies, which really helps with my progress. My school doesn't provide any language or culture courses in any non-European languages, but I've found a few friends, who also study Japanese, with whom I often study and converse. I'd love to study at your university because you offer courses in Japanese which could help me with my pursuit of linguistic excellence and which could provide me with classes on Japanese culture.