1.  Describe an example of your leadership experience in which you have positively influenced others, helped resolve disputes, or contributed to group efforts over time.

-26w

I definitely consider myself a good leader. I'm helping with running a summer camp, where I try to help teach kids how to be responsible and confident in their aspects. The camps are run under the company "Lipka", so they are pretty enviroment-oriented. That means that I also teach kids about the enviromental issues that are currently plaguing the world, and how they can help with making the world a better place. My leadership style is based in empathy and being a good role model, inspiring a sense of belonging among the kids. I make various games and classes, trying to inspire them into being curious about the topic and fostering a space where each kid can feel like themselves. I think the most Important part is to establish mutual respect and make them want to be like you in the future.
As a second example I used to do tutoring for a kid, who was really bad with his English at the beginning, to the extent, that his teacher thought he was a lost case and his previous tutor left, because they thought that it had no point. That said, I managed to inspire him, using being friendly and casual, so he'd feel comfortable around me, and putting a lot of work into making tons of custom worksheets and vocab lists, I managed to both help him with catching up with the rest of his classmates, but also I managed to inspire him to try and learn english for himself and dedicate his own free time to it, by showing him the benefits of learning such a language, especially to a good level.