2.  Every person has a creative side, and it can be expressed in many ways: problem solving, original and innovative thinking, and artistically, to name a few. Describe how you express your creative side.
 
I feel, that my creative side is a very strong and important part of me, one that makes me who I am. I express this side of me in a wide variety of ways. I am naturally very good at math and logic, which I definetly accredit to my creativity. I can very easily think of very creative, innovative and new ways to solve different problems. There were countless times, where I figured out the thing we were supposed to learn in the class ahead of time and amazed my teacher making her wonder whether I already studied it ahead. This talent also funnily enough helps a lot with escape rooms and similar challenges in the area, which we often attend and are pretty succesful at with friends. On the other hand, I also find comfort and enjoyment in expessing my creative side artistically. I spend a lot of free time drawing and painting things that are all around and inside me. I am pretty good at painting both concrete and abstract subjects. I often experiment with different mediums and ways of portraying the subject, which is also the centre piece of my collection I'm working on now, which has me portraying each of our teachers each time using a different medium, which somehow catches their personality. I have also met a bit of sucess in doing art, having one of my pieces displayed in a villa for a exhibition lasting for about three weeks and having two group exhibitions planned with a few friends within the upcoming year.